added field description to token introspection (#2171)
nuts-foundation/nuts-node: docs/pages/getting-started/5-authentication.rst

    }

The ``validity`` will indicate its validity. An expired contract is considered invalid.

> Audit log requirements

Author: might be true, but we only have 1 page on authentication and it might be best to leave it that way, otherwise documentation gets scattered to much?

**********************

Information in the access token can be used to fulfill any audit log requirements for a protected resource.
An access token issued by the Nuts node can be introspected using the introspection API (RFC7662):

.. code-block::

    POST /internal/auth/v1/accesstoken/introspect

The POST body is ``application/x-www-form-urlencoded`` encoded

.. code-block::

    token=<jwt>

> The result will return the following identifying properties if user authentication was present in the access token request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result will return the following identifying properties if user authentication was present in the access token:
```

- username
- initials

> - prefix

Reviewer: Not present in employeeid? Also missing role name.

Author: True, so I added a note on the minimal set and that other props may be present.

- family_name
- assurance_level

> ``username`` can be used for an unique identifier. It will be filled with an email address or an employer identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``username`` can be used as a unique user identifier. It will be filled with an email address or other identifier, issued by the user's employer.
```
